CUMULUS-1733: fix recursion algorithm (#1441)
nasa/cumulus: docs/operator-docs/discovery-filtering.md

---

> id: discovery-filtering

Reviewer: I assume you want to link this in the operator docs sidebar as well

title: Discovery Filtering
hide_title: true
---

# Discovery Filtering

Discovery filtering is an advanced feature of the discover-* tasks.
It is a configurable option for discovery that allows an operator to manipulate which parts of a
remote file system Cumulus will attempt discovery in.

This is useful when operators want to limit run time or network load when attempting discovery on a
very large remote file system for a small subset of files.

## Using discovery filtering

This feature is available for certain ingest protocols (see below), and allows operators
to filter which paths on a remote file system are explored by interpreting each segment of the
collection's `provider_path` as a regular expression to filter contents listed recursively,
starting from the default directory.

> An item that passes the filter is handled depending on its type:

Author: The path segment may or may not be _intended_ as one. Technically `/directory/` is a regular expression that exactly matches the string 'directory'.

- *Directories* that pass the filter are entered for recursive listing
- *Files* that pass the filter are added to the listed contents returned by the discovery.

> Two examples are provided below to help explain the recursive filtering algorithm:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Two example values for `collection.provider_path` are provided below to help explain the recursive filtering algorithm:
```

I think this makes it a bit clearer what this snippet is
